Passage from Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Illustrated Edition) by J.K. Rowling and Jim Kay, p. 180-181
that this app and its replies are based on

Harry loaded up his quill a second time and wrote, 'My name is Harry Potter.'
The words shone momentarily on the page and they too sank without trace. Then, at last, something happened. Oozing back out the page, in his very own ink,
came words Harry had never written.
'Hello, Harry Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did you come by my diary?'
These words, too, faded away, but not before Harry had started to scribble back.
'Someone tried to flush it down a toilet.' He waited eagerly for Riddle's reply.
'Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more lasting way than ink. But I always knew that there would be those who would not want this diary read.'
'What do you mean?' Harry scrawled, blotting the page in his excitement.
'I mean that this diary holds memories of terrible things. Things which were covered up. Things which happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.'
'That's where I am now,' Harry wrote quickly. 'I'm at Hogwarts and horrible stuff's been happening. Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets?'
His heart was hammering, Riddle's reply came quickly, his writing becoming untidier, as though he was hurrying to tell all he knew.
'Of course I know about the Chamber of Secrets. In my day, they told us it was a legend, that it did not exist. But this was a lie. In my fifth year,
the Chamber was opened and the monster attacked several students, finally killing one. I caught the person who had opened the Chamber and he was expelled.
But the Headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing had happened at Hogwarts, forbade me to tell the truth. A story was given out that the girl had
died in a freak accident. They gave me a nice, shiny, engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep my mouth shut. But I knew it could happen again.
The monster lived on, and the one who had the power to release it was not imprisoned.'
Harry nearly upset his ink bottle in his hurry to write back. 'It's happening again now. There have been three attacks and no one seems to know who's behind them.
Who was it last time?'
'I can show you, if you like,' came Riddle's reply. 'You don't have to take my word for it. I can take you inside my memory of the night when I caught him.'